Docs of new .NET SDK features (#163)
configcat/docs: website/docs/sdk-reference/dotnet.md

```

### 5. Dispose *ConfigCat* client

> You can safely shut down all clients at once or individually and release all associated resources on application exit.

Reviewer: Why not `dispose`?

Author: Probably I copied this text over from Dart's docs. I'll change it to 'dispose'.

- caching your setting values and feature flags.
- serving values quickly in a failsafe way.

`ConfigCatClient.Get(sdkKey: "<sdkKey>")` returns a client with default options.

> The `Get` method has an optional callback parameter, which can be used to configure the client via a `ConfigCatClientOptions` object:

Reviewer: Please try to avoid using the word `configure` in any documentation. Because it collides with many things that are called config, configure, and configuration in the ConfigCat ecosystem.

| `HttpClientHandler` | Optional, `HttpClientHandler` to provide network credentials and proxy settings. [More about the proxy settings](##using-configcat-behind-a-proxy). | built-in HttpClientHandler |
| `HttpTimeout`       | Optional, sets the underlying HTTP client's timeout. [More about the HTTP timeout](#http-timeout). | `TimeSpan.FromSeconds(30)` |
| `FlagOverrides`     | Optional, sets local feature flag & setting overrides. [More about feature flag overrides](#flag-overrides). | |
| `DataGovernance`    | Optional, defaults to `Global`. Describes the location of your feature flag and setting data within the ConfigCat CDN. This parameter needs to be in sync with your Data Governance preferences. [More about Data Governance](advanced/data-governance.md). Available options: `Global`, `EuOnly` | `Global` |
| `DefaultUser`       | Optional, sets the default user. [More about default user](#default-user). | `null` (none) |
| `Offline`           | Optional, determines whether the client should be initialized to offline mode or not. [More about offline mode](#online--offline-mode). | `false` |

> Via the events provided by `ConfigCatClientOptions` you can also subscribe to the hooks (events) of the SDK at configuration time. [More about hooks](#hooks).

Reviewer: Avoid `configuration` here as well.

For example:

```csharp
IConfigCatClient client = ConfigCatClient.Get("#YOUR-SDK-KEY#", options =>
{
    options.PollingMode = PollingModes.ManualPoll;
    options.Logger = new ConsoleLogger(LogLevel.Info);
    options.ClientReady += (s, e) => Debug.WriteLine("Client is ready!");
});
```

:::caution
We strongly recommend you to use the `ConfigCatClient` as a Singleton object in your application.
You can acquire singleton client instances for your SDK keys using the `ConfigCatClient.Get(sdkKey: <sdkKey>)` static factory method.

> (However, please keep in mind that subsequent calls to `ConfigCatClient.Get()` with the *same SDK Key* return a *shared* client instance, which is configured by the first call.)

Reviewer: Avoid `configure` here as well.

> These clients can be closed all at once with the `ConfigCatClient.DisposeAll()` method or individually with `client.Dispose()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can close all open clients at once using the `ConfigCatClient.DisposeAll()` method or do it individually using the `client.Dispose()`.
```

};
```

### Default user

It's possible to set a default user object that will be used on feature flag and setting evaluation. It can be useful when your application has a single user only or rarely switches users.

You can set the default user object either on SDK initialization:
```csharp
IConfigCatClient client = ConfigCatClient.Get("#YOUR-SDK-KEY#", options =>
    options.DefaultUser = new User(identifier: "john@example.com"));
```

...or using the `SetDefaultUser()` method of the `ConfigCatClient` object:
```csharp
client.SetDefaultUser(new User(identifier: "john@example.com"));
```

Whenever the evaluation methods like `GetValue()`, `GetValueAsync()`, etc. are called without an explicit user object parameter, the SDK will automatically use the default user as a user object.

```csharp
var user = new User(identifier: "john@example.com");
client.SetDefaultUser(user);

> // The default user will be used at the evaluation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The default user will be used in the evaluation process.
```

var value = await client.GetValueAsync(key: "keyOfMySetting", defaultValue: false); 
```

When a user object parameter is passed to the evaluation methods, it takes precedence over the default user.

```csharp
var user = new User(identifier: "john@example.com");
client.SetDefaultUser(user);

var otherUser = new User(identifier: "brian@example.com");

> // otherUser will be used at the evaluation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// otherUser will be used in the evaluation process.
```

Console.WriteLine(client.GetValue("key", "my default value")); // console: "value from server"
```

## Hooks

The SDK provides several hooks (events), by means of which you can get notified of its actions.
Via the following events you can subscribe to particular events raised by the client:

> - `event EventHandler ClientReady`: This event is raised when the SDK reaches the ready state. If the SDK is configured to use lazy load or manual polling, it's considered ready right after instantiation.

Reviewer: Replace `configured`
